1. Introduction

Welcome to FarmGain (“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”)!
By signing up for a FarmGain Account or by using any FarmGain Service, you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms of Service”).
Our Privacy Policy also governs your use of our Service and explains how we operate, collect, safeguard, and disclose information that results from your use of our web pages.
Your agreement with us includes these Terms and our Privacy Policy (“Agreements”). You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Agreements, and agree to be bound by them.
If you do not agree with (or cannot comply with) Agreements, then you may not use the Service.

2. Communications

By using our Service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information we may send. However, you may decide that you don't want them again and opt-out.

3. Prohibited Uses

You may use the Service only for investment purposes and in accordance with the Terms. Investing in any of our Investment Plans and using this Platform, you have agreed to all of the Terms below.
- You should only invest amount you are willing to let go as we won't be responsible if any of our Investment goes bad as we deal with Animal rearing and Crops production and God forbid, you know how this things goes - they can be fine today and tomorrow something unexpected can happen. In such a situation, you agree not to hold us responsible if we are unable to pay you at the maturity date of your Investment.
- In the situation anything terrible happens, we might decide to pay you back your invested amount without the profit you are supposed to get. In the situation where we lose everything and we are unable to provide any funds at all (the Profit and Investment), you won't hold us responsible.

4. Disclaimer
FarmGain doesn't provide financial advice, and any investments made are at your own risk.

5. No Guarantees

There are no guarantees of returns if anything goes wrong, and past performance doesn't guarantee future results. This means we are not assuring you that you will get your Money back or get any Profit in case anything goes wrong. Also, just because we are able to pay some Investors doesn't mean we will be able to pay all Investors. The different products you and others invest in have different levels of risk. So, we won't be held responsible if anything goes wrong.

6. User Responsibility

Users/Investors are responsible for their investment decisions and should conduct their research before they invest on our platform.

7. Liability Limitation
We want to be upfront with you, so here it is in plain language: FarmGain is here to help you invest, but there are no guarantees in the world of investments. By using our platform, you agree that we won't be held responsible for any losses or damages you might incur.
In simpler words, if your investments don't turn out as expected, we're not on the hook for it. We're doing our best to provide a great service, but there's always a level of risk involved when you invest.
However, we want to make it clear that this limitation of liability doesn't mean we can get away with everything. If there's any negligence on our part, we'll still take responsibility for that.
So, while we're here to support your investment journey, remember that investing always carries some risk, and we can't guarantee profits. Be sure to make informed decisions, and if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us. Your success matters to us!

8. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

9. No Use By Minors (under 18 not allowed)

Service is intended only for access and use by individuals at least eighteen (18) years old. By accessing or using Service, you warrant and represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and with the full authority, right, and capacity to enter into this agreement and abide by all of the terms and conditions of the Terms. If you are not at least eighteen (18) years old, you are prohibited from both the access and usage of the Service.

10. Referral Program Terms
We will only pay you for users who Invested in one of our Investment packages/plans. You are only eligible to get the allowed % from their first investment and you won't get anything on their other subsequent investment plan. It is your responsibility to ensure that everyone who registers through your link invests in our plans so you can get your Referral commission.

11. Payout (Payment) Terms on your Investment

You must have reached the assigned Payment threshold of your Invested plan before you can request a Payout on our platform. We have the right to decline your payment request if we review your Activities and notice any foul play.

12. Accounts

When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18 and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our sole discretion. Termination of your Account means you will lose all your earnings on the platform.

13. Intellectual Property
Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of FarmGain and its licensors. Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of foreign countries. Our trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of FarmGain.

14. Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on our Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights (“Infringement”) of any person or entity.
If you are a copyright owner or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim via email to support@farmgain.ng, with the subject line: “Copyright Infringement” and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under “DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims”

15. Termination

We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Termination of your Account means you will lose all your earnings on the platform.

16. Changes To Service

We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Service, and any service or material we provide via FarmGain, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Service, or the entire Service, to users, including registered users.

17. Amendments To Terms

We may amend the Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically.
Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of revised Terms means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page frequently so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

18. Advertisement Display

At FarmGain, we have the right to display various types of advertisements on our platform. We want to keep our services accessible to you, and these ads help us do just that.
By using our platform, you agree that we have full control and discretion over the ads you see while using FarmGain. This includes the types of ads, their placement, and the frequency with which they appear.
Rest assured, we're committed to providing you with a positive experience, and we'll do our best to ensure that the ads displayed are relevant and non-intrusive. However, we can't guarantee that you'll always see ads that perfectly match your preferences.
If you have any concerns about the ads you encounter or believe that certain ads are inappropriate, please let us know, and we'll look into it. Your feedback is important to us as we strive to improve your FarmGain experience.
By using our platform, you acknowledge and accept our right to display ads as described here.

19. Acknowledgement

By using FarmGain or other services provided by us, you acknowledge that you have read these terms of service and agree to be bound by them.

20. Contact Us Please send your feedback, comments, and requests for technical support by email: 

support@farmgain.ng 